
priority list:

	sitemap? -> good practice to make sure you stay organized, have all of the necessary information


	high:
		Fix typos
			typo - jills quote "didn't"
			typos - semicolon on apply page
			typos - Mike "f"ounded -> lowercase f (in about us)
		We need an explanation of the bootcamp vs. the night classes in addition to the course list
		Simplify "courses" page
			1 courses page
			doesn't need a submenu in nav bar
			courses feel like indivudual products but no clue what a bootcamp is
			lowercase text on these pages
			view course slider shouldn't exist
			remove prices from individual course info
		Add contact form
		Page order
			"about us" comes before courses on the home page
			"why us" is never referenced in the nav bar
			"our family" is not the same as "about us"...?

			remove home?
			why us
			program
			curriculum
			about us
			apply


	med:
		simplify "about us" page
			1 about us page
			lowercase text on this pages
			no transition on profile hover and inconsistent coloring
			staff slider is confusing in how it wraps
			basement kennel thing for rex
		"why us" section, first and last elements are the same
			green text is hard to read!
		decrease width of news section on homepage
		layout of "apply now" page
		if we are not writing news stories, we should make the home page "CodeAbode in the News" and just link to external pages


	low:
		Update Images
			Photos blurry and lack depth of focus
			stretched images everywhere
			unprofessional images on courses
		Headers are busy/hard to read easily
		"why us" padding, center images
		open in new tab for external links
		simplify footer
			don't need to reiterate links
			contact, social media, maybe a short bio, other important info?
			nmhmc logo?
		headers should match name of page/link that brings you to the page
		misaligned elements in footer and header
		year in copyright notice
		images stretch and squash on resize
		links to facebook pages are unprofessional
			use personal portfolio site (or linkedin)


** From Elise
In a couple places, it mentions our "501.3c" status.  Should be 501c3
On one of the pages that scrolls on the front page, it says "to help the disabled learn..."  should we change this to "to help people with disabilities learn..."  so that it is 'people first language'?
Under the "WHY US" part, under "Health Focused" - 'insdusty' should be 'industry'
Under "Our Family", after I'm listed, it wraps around and lists the first 4 people again
Under the HTML/CSS course header is info for the capstone course - might be intentional?